hey guys what is up its reso from matt
monkeys calm bringing you another
episode of glitching for dummies X
Timmons e says hello Razoo I've been
trying to get on the security barriers
and then attack respond for SMD on the
map terminal no matter what I try the
very first jump to get onto the door
seems impossible as if I'm not jumping
high enough do you think you can do a
step-by-step tutorial on it thanks PS if
you don't know what I'm talking about
it's on Matt monks calm smiley face well
you're in luck x and z i dunno what
you're talking about but for those of
you don't know what he's talking about
we have over 3000 videos on our website
for mono airfare to and other games
whereas we will have a little bit over
50 as now on our youtube channel so you
can see a lot more videos from Matt
Mulkey's visit our website for this
glitch you're going to need to know how
to console straight which we've done a
tutorial on in our previous episodes if
you haven't seen it click this video and
the linky straight to it but if you know
how to console strip I guess it's time
to get started isn't it
alright so we're at the security side of
terminal now wouldn't you how to get on
top of it what you want to do is come
over here and jump onto this little wall
glass thing and then crouch and back up
as far as you can then you're going to
jump to that door right there so I'm
going to look down and do the console
straight and then laying on the door
that's the jump that the guy was talking
about the message that's really hard
once on the door you're going to jump
over to the metal detector and then on
top of the security gate and then now
you're on top you go from either side
like over here and following that pillar
thing and it's good place to camp if
you're into campaign just wring some
marshmallows and attend so and you can
go to the other side well I want to show
you this hard Trump again in slow motion
alright so I'm going to line myself up
back up as far as I can look up to see
where I needed gel which is that door
look down so I can see how far i can run
then do the console straight and look
how easy that is it's actually not easy
it's very difficult so good luck then
you just jump on top again and another
job and just got on top of the security
gate again and now i'm going to go to
the other side for you you just have to
work your way around this pillar and
then jump on top of the other side of
the security gate any time you jump on
top of it it helps the Crouch you can
stand up as you just saw me stand up but
just crouch me jump so you don't hit
your head and now I'm on top of the
other side of the security gate good
place to kill people so enjoy also if
you can't make the jump to the door it
doesn't mean it's patched I highly doubt
Infinity Ward is going to patch this
glitch but in the off chance it does get
patch I'll make it say that in the title
of the video and that concludes our 6
episode of glitching for dummies if
you're having trouble with the glitch
and would like to see it I'm glitching
for dummies feel free to message me on
youtube at youtube.com slash reso that's
with an H or send me a message on xbox
live my gamertag is Brazil without an h
and if you like this video or found it
helpful feel free to subscribe
I and don't forget to check out Matt
monkeys com